As a Student, I want to see list of exams, so that I would knew witch exams I could take.
As a Student, I want to see list of taken exams, so that I would knew witch grade did I get. //filtriranje
As a Student, I want to see current financial card amount, so that I would knew how much money I have.
As a Student, I want to see my profile, so that I would knew,if data are correct.
As a Student, I want to see list of payments, so that I would check some payment.
As a Student, I want to download documents, so that I would use them.
As a Student, I want to see documents, so that I would use them.
dodati funkci. prijave ispita
As a Student, I want to register exam, so that I could take exam.


As a Teacher, I want to see list of registered exams, so that I would knew how many students registered.
As a Teacher, I want to see list of failed exams, so that I would knew how many students failed.
As a Teacher, I want to see list of passed exams, so that I would knew how many students passed.//isto filtriranje u jednoj tabeli
As a Teacher, I want to see list of courses, so that I would knew how many courses I teach.
As a Teacher, I want to see exam period, so that I would knew when is the date and location of exam.
As a Teacher, I want to see list of students, so that I would knew how many students are enrolled in my course.
As a Teacher, I want to see list of register exams, so that I could input grade.

As a Admin,I want to create,read,update,delete,search and sort all students,so that I would have insight into  students.
As a Admin,I want to create,read,update,delete,search and sort all professors,so that I would have insight into  professors.
As a Admin,I want to create,read,update,delete,search and sort all exams,so that I would have insight into  exams.
As a Admin,I want to create,read,update,delete,search and sort all courses,so that I would have insight into  courses.
As a Admin,I want to create,read,update,delete,search and sort all documents,so that I would have insight into  documents.
As a Admin,I want to create,read,update,delete,search and sort all exam period,so that I would have insight into  exam period.
As a Admin,I want to create,read,update,delete,search and sort all financial card,so that I would have insight into  financial card.
As a Admin,I want to create,read,update,delete,search and sort all payment,so that I would have insight into  payment.
As a Admin,I want to create,read,update,delete,search and sort all enrollment,so that I would have insight into  enrollment.
As a Admin,I want to create,read,update,delete,search and sort all preExamObligation,so that I would have insight into  preExamObligation.




